Hmm.
Monifa McCarther: Hmm
Monifa McCarther: hmm weird.
Monifa McCarther: So.
Kristy Ouellette: Hi! I'm sorry. I just thought you were calling, and I went. Oh, no.
Kristy Ouellette: I totally forgot. But welcome back. I'm really glad that
Kristy Ouellette: you're here.
Kristy Ouellette: and and I hope everything is safe as safe as can be in the situation.
Monifa McCarther: It's as safe as it can be.
Kristy Ouellette: Yeah.
Monifa McCarther: No.
Monifa McCarther: So everything. Okay, it's good.
Kristy Ouellette: Going. It always goes.
Kristy Ouellette: I don't know
Kristy Ouellette: we're we're in a better place than we were last year. That's for sure. That's for sure.
Monifa McCarther: I'll take that.
Kristy Ouellette: Yeah, yeah.
Monifa McCarther: Alright. Catch me up! It's been probably over a month, I would say.
Kristy Ouellette: Yeah, so so I guess, like a lot, a lot has happened. We had the second Ppt and I I think I at that. I think I put a little blurb. I can't. I should have checked what I wrote last.
Kristy Ouellette: but she had the second ppt, and she officially was labeled as dyslexic.
Kristy Ouellette: So that's a big deal, because
Kristy Ouellette: maybe
Kristy Ouellette: it helps explain why she hit such a hard wall last year, you know, frustrated, not being listened to. And and who knows how long she
Kristy Ouellette: had feelings and struggled through school, trying to do everything everyone else was doing. But like. Clearly, there's
Kristy Ouellette: there was different things going on so with the with the in the classroom. So I think, you know, and she's such a hard worker. So it's no surprise that she was so hard on herself.
Kristy Ouellette: So
Kristy Ouellette: so so I think that's gonna open up a lot of doors. And I think, too.
Kristy Ouellette: And I've talked to her a little bit about this. And I said, You know you, you're going to have to realize, like, accept, that things are going to be different now, like things are gonna be different, because
Kristy Ouellette: everyone is aware of
Kristy Ouellette: you learning differently.
Kristy Ouellette: and there is more support for her.
Kristy Ouellette: And there is like a you know, a team working with her.
Kristy Ouellette: Make sure that she's understanding what she needs to.
Kristy Ouellette: and like you like to struggle for
Kristy Ouellette: all of your school career. And then all of a sudden, you you have to change
Kristy Ouellette: like it's it's gonna be a it's gonna be a mindset shift for her.
Kristy Ouellette: you know, and and and one of the things that we also talk about, too, is not to take advantage of any of the extra
Kristy Ouellette: privileges and support services. And
Kristy Ouellette: you know the special Ed director noticed that she does need to get up and take a break and walk around. And
Kristy Ouellette: you know, last year, when things were really hard. That was one of the things she did. She would like to get up and walk outside.
Kristy Ouellette: So
Kristy Ouellette: so just just talking to her about everything that's going on, and kind of like
Kristy Ouellette: being aware that
Kristy Ouellette: like
Kristy Ouellette: this
Kristy Ouellette: in the last like since the school started, and versus last year, when
Kristy Ouellette: there's an attitude or there's an aggression, or there's a big mood drop.
Kristy Ouellette: there's always more to it, and instead of getting discouraged or pushing harder back.
Kristy Ouellette: I try to change up my approach because I'd rather
Kristy Ouellette: get to the source because it's not.
Kristy Ouellette: I don't. It's it's like different parenting. I mean, that's why the family therapy is so important.
Kristy Ouellette: Versus individual therapy
Kristy Ouellette: and and so, you know, things things are going. Field hockey ended.
Kristy Ouellette: I think.
Monifa McCarther: She feeling about that.
Kristy Ouellette: She said that she was gonna play
Kristy Ouellette: field hockey until she graduates high school.
Kristy Ouellette: So I think she's seeing the advantages of playing the sport. I think she liked being on the team and having a chance to
Kristy Ouellette: work with
Kristy Ouellette: different students that she normally wouldn't socialize with.
Kristy Ouellette: And getting to know different people. So after she made that comment the next day we had a game
Kristy Ouellette: away game and we hit traffic and and the people were driving. There was a huge accident right where we were getting off, and we were stuck. For half an hour the whole team was stuck on the highway, and people were driving nuts like on the shoulder, cutting each other off. And I was like.
Kristy Ouellette: and we didn't even get to the game yet. So the game started an hour late. And then these kids that are like some of them are 12 or 11, even their 6, th 7, th and 8th grade. The other team is cursing at them, saying, F you f off like saying other things, too. I didn't hear all the things, but just so nasty. Yes, and none of it got caught. And so
Kristy Ouellette: the team was not reacting as much. They were more annoyed at Violet for being
Kristy Ouellette: more reactive in the way that, like she was in shock, that this was an acceptable behavior, because she knows that that's not a a way to play a game fairly like you have to have good sportsmanship.
Kristy Ouellette: Yeah. And but but then the the T. Some of the teams were like, Why are you like they?
Kristy Ouellette: And so when we talk she was very angry, and I said, I have to drive home. You cannot have a freak out while I'm driving home. It's been a very long day.
Kristy Ouellette: and then when we got home, we talked about it more
Kristy Ouellette: after she was calm, and I said, Look.
Kristy Ouellette: I said, everybody deals with situations like that differently.
Kristy Ouellette: What you have to look to talk to people who will listen to you. But if you're not gonna be heard, then you you don't need to talk to those people about it. You can talk to somebody else.
Kristy Ouellette: I said, but you're more angry because of the way your team acted. But maybe they don't wanna discuss it. They don't want to deal with it because they're upset, too, and they're getting more upset because you you won't like everybody's different. You know what I mean. So.
Monifa McCarther: Yeah.
Kristy Ouellette: I said, don't be mad at your team.
Kristy Ouellette: They don't know how to handle it. They didn't want to talk about it. They didn't want to express it. And that's okay. But like.
Monifa McCarther: And who were the coaches throughout this whole thing?
Kristy Ouellette: The coach knew that it was happening, and the teammates were like, oh, this team's always like that.
Kristy Ouellette: and I was like
Kristy Ouellette: very close to like
Kristy Ouellette: finding out what could be done about it. But I just was kind of like, no, find the lesson here. Find the lesson here like like. Don't make a stink about this, because no one was hurt, or whatever but
Kristy Ouellette: and the worst part was the grandparents and all the people standing on the other side next to us. They were so nice, so I know they had no idea their team was being that nasty.
Kristy Ouellette: I know it
Kristy Ouellette: so
Kristy Ouellette: so it was a definitely a lesson, but it didn't keep her from saying that she's gonna go back next year. So that's good. And.
Monifa McCarther: And.
Kristy Ouellette: Tomorrow is their little. They have like a a grab bag thing where everyone gets a gift for like a secret, Santa, but it's not a. It's not Christmas
Kristy Ouellette: but they get each other like a
Kristy Ouellette: gift, and they have snacks. So they have a party tomorrow after school in the coach's room, and she's a a 7th grade math teacher.
Kristy Ouellette: and then they'll exchange their things. And so and yesterday, when we were shopping, she was taking so long, and I'm like
Kristy Ouellette: it was fine, but the last she was so worried about not getting the perfect gift. So
Kristy Ouellette: there's still some triggering things there about worrying about what other people think. And I said.
Monifa McCarther: It's gonna be there for a while.
Kristy Ouellette: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And and more recently, we've had some
Kristy Ouellette: eating disorder stuff like the eating disorder was the kind of like
Kristy Ouellette: not discussed as much, I think, like not not the talk, the the things that she would say, but more like.
Kristy Ouellette: There was no refusal to eat. There was no like there was no time. So okay, we're doing the same thing for breakfast and lunch every day. But you're eating.
Kristy Ouellette: And you're having. You're making time for your snack. And the coach says to everyone, All right, guys have your snack between now and then.
Kristy Ouellette: but more recently, she was like, I think I'm only going to have 3 meals and one snack
Kristy Ouellette: and I'm like
Kristy Ouellette: I. I was very happy with myself because I was like, Okay, if that's what you think you should do. That's what I said, because
Kristy Ouellette: I think there was probably more than
Kristy Ouellette: that before, but there was. It was fine.
Kristy Ouellette: But when she's having
Kristy Ouellette: more of that.
Kristy Ouellette: we're in this weird seesaw.
Kristy Ouellette: like. Usually it's me the one who's giving her the food but
Kristy Ouellette: the snacks! She was helping herself to extra snacks.
Kristy Ouellette: so
Kristy Ouellette: when she was having a moment of like relapse where she was like.
Kristy Ouellette: I don't know what I want to eat. I don't know. I go. Okay, how about this this and this? And I'll fix it. And then you come to the table once ready. So we kind of like reverted back to those the structure of me being the feeder, which is fine.
Monifa McCarther: Yeah, I think that needs to happen outside other than at school, where you have no control over it.
Kristy Ouellette: Yes, yes, so that's so. And then the same thing tonight, like I, I didn't have time to make a proper meal, but they haven't had chicken nuggets from Burger King, so
Kristy Ouellette: I grabbed an 8 piece chicken nugget for each of the girls, and then they had sides from home like I made a little salad for Violet, but she was kind of finicky about the salad part, but so she didn't eat the lettuce, but she ate the tomatoes. I'm like, Okay, fine.
Kristy Ouellette: But then, when she went to reach for the cookie, I go. No cookies are. Later I go. You can have a glass of milk. If you're hungry so, or you can have some bread, you're gonna have something something else.
Kristy Ouellette: because
Kristy Ouellette: I I don't. I she can have what she wants, but she can have it later, like you're if you're still hungry, then you need something with protein like you need to have something.
Kristy Ouellette: I don't know what a what a
Kristy Ouellette: we had over the last month, too! We had some like
Kristy Ouellette: a little bit of like
Kristy Ouellette: bingy binge, but now not not recently, not in the last couple of weeks.
Monifa McCarther: What did the benches look like.
Monifa McCarther: In front of you.
Kristy Ouellette: Kind of like like it could be like that. Maybe she had a meal, but then she made herself like a a milkshake.
Kristy Ouellette: And maybe it would just like keep going.
Kristy Ouellette: I don't know, but you know I have to say
Kristy Ouellette: I thought about this, but I didn't tap into it until now, but now we're a year from last year last year we went trick or treating, and she had a bunch of candy, and she kept it in a Tupperware in a cabinet.
Kristy Ouellette: Okay, that's fine.
Kristy Ouellette: But she had her Halloween candy last year until
Kristy Ouellette: after Christmas, like even into close to Easter. The bin still had candy in it. She and that's not that was not a typical behavior for her
Kristy Ouellette: so I thought that was odd last year before everything really blew up.
Kristy Ouellette: But this year we went to this
Kristy Ouellette: trick or treating thing downtown, and
Kristy Ouellette: they didn't really want to get.
Kristy Ouellette: They didn't want to stay and get as many stores as they wanted to. They just
Kristy Ouellette: did a couple of streets. And then they were like, Okay, I think we're good and it's getting crowded. Let's get out of here. And I'm like, Okay, so I think at least half her candy is still there, and the other half, and that was only 2 days ago, which is fine.
Kristy Ouellette: Maybe they got 25 pieces of candy each, maybe 20. It wasn't that much, you know.
Kristy Ouellette: So that's fine. But last year I questioned why there was so much candy for so long, and I think that was when the eating disorder was starting to
Kristy Ouellette: formulate it or show up.
Monifa McCarther: Yeah.
Kristy Ouellette: So we'll see with how the candy goes. The actual. Her behaviors are definitely changing, though.
Kristy Ouellette: which I think is progress, because it doesn't need to be dramatic. It doesn't need to be fixed in one day. It needs to be
Kristy Ouellette: like trying different things to see how it is like everything is kinda like
Kristy Ouellette: big changes are not gonna be the way it's gonna be small
Kristy Ouellette: steps
Kristy Ouellette: like. So, for I don't think she ever really offered candy in the past
Kristy Ouellette: unless she didn't like it, whereas she picked out 2 pieces of candy and said, Here, mom, this is for you. It's I know you like Twizzler, and I know you like M. And M's, and she gave it to me, and I was like, Wow, that's nice, but like I don't, I don't. I'm not. I don't care about the candy. I shouldn't even be. I always find a way to have a sweet, but you know.
Kristy Ouellette: So that was a that was a change, and
Kristy Ouellette: she was eat. She was enjoying the candy. She had a good time downtown. She was very funny when people saw her costume.
Kristy Ouellette: And
Kristy Ouellette: She seems to be in good spirits.
Kristy Ouellette: and
Kristy Ouellette: this is interesting. Last year she would be afraid
Kristy Ouellette: to be honest with her friends how she felt.
Kristy Ouellette: and this year her friend Les, who she went with
Kristy Ouellette: trick or treating last year with, she asked her to come again, and a new friend really, that she wanted to get to know better, asked her to go. How trick or treating so, Violet.
Kristy Ouellette: talk to me about it, and I said, Well.
Kristy Ouellette: you know I I told her a couple of things she could do, but she decided to have a frank conversation with
Kristy Ouellette: Alicia and say.
Kristy Ouellette: I hope you don't mind. I would really like to go with Anna trick or treating, and she goes. No, that's fine. She goes. I actually like that. You're being direct with me. It's totally fine.
Kristy Ouellette: because I know you're a good friend.
Kristy Ouellette: so.
Monifa McCarther: Wow!
Kristy Ouellette: I know in the past, when
Kristy Ouellette: Somebody talked about somebody, and Alicia was there, and Violet stuck up for the person. Alicia said, you're a good friend because you stick up for people
Kristy Ouellette: like when someone says something wrong about them or whatever.
Kristy Ouellette: So
Kristy Ouellette: so she's making
Kristy Ouellette: good connections with other people her age
Kristy Ouellette: based on, like.
Kristy Ouellette: you know, like her standards kinda instead of she's I just feel like she's turned on the new week.
Kristy Ouellette: She likes to make people laugh.
Kristy Ouellette: I think last year she was like afraid to talk.
Kristy Ouellette: her friend Lala is still her good friend.
Kristy Ouellette: but she's not hanging out with her as much because she doesn't like the.
Kristy Ouellette: But she still picks up the phone when she calls, and they chat about other things and whatever. But she's she's.
Kristy Ouellette: I think it's good. Instead of her trying to fight a battle and be like a 3rd parent to Lala, she is just letting her do her own thing, but still valuing time with her when she's got time away from the other person.
Kristy Ouellette: So that's the best thing that she can do.
Monifa McCarther: Yes.
Kristy Ouellette: I'm like, that's like a huge deal, because she used to get like jealous of other people or whatever, and I'm sure she still gets a little jealous, but she's like that's not going to be the way. I'm not trying to
Kristy Ouellette: control anyone or protect anyone. That's not my job.
Kristy Ouellette: So
Kristy Ouellette: school.
Monifa McCarther: A lot of progress to me.
Kristy Ouellette: It. It feels like a lot of progress, but we still have our moments of aggression. I'm just trying to
Kristy Ouellette: be more direct.
Monifa McCarther: What does that look like.
Kristy Ouellette: Mostly aimed at Penny. She's usually annoyed at Penny. I mean, there's some normal bickering and stuff. But like the
Kristy Ouellette: aggression is that she's trying to intimidate physically, Penny, because Penny, smaller than her.
Kristy Ouellette: And it could be just the way that they've always operated. But you know we have a closer eye on it now, and it's not okay.
Kristy Ouellette: So I try to hold Violet more accountable. She needs that accountability when she's doing something. She knows she's not supposed to do immediately.
Kristy Ouellette: You can't.
Kristy Ouellette: You can't
Kristy Ouellette: always talk to her and convince her you have to
Kristy Ouellette: like speed up the consequence kinda with her.
Kristy Ouellette: And I I don't think I did that before as much now we do, because I see it. It makes a difference for her.
Kristy Ouellette: And and she's more remorseful. She never was remorseful when she was little, never
Kristy Ouellette: now she's more remorseful.
Kristy Ouellette: So that's good. So.
Monifa McCarther: As with some maturity.
Kristy Ouellette: Yeah, we we talked about
Kristy Ouellette: field hockey camp, but we're not ready to do that.
Kristy Ouellette: So I made a deal that I would walk with her after school on Wednesdays and Sundays.
Monifa McCarther: How are you doing? Are you able to walk without pain? How? How was your
Monifa McCarther: pain been recently.
Kristy Ouellette: I'm trying a new supplement. I feel pretty good about it.
Kristy Ouellette: it's a supplement. It's not a prescription. I'm trying to kind of get away from prescriptions, because I think
Kristy Ouellette: not totally, but
Kristy Ouellette: it becomes a clutch, and you don't make any adjustments to your actual lifestyle, which is where the issue is, have to like radical acceptance. This is how my life is now. I have to adjust it so that I'm not
Kristy Ouellette: physically taxing myself, and I need to ask for help, or I need to take a break more. And then I can do these things that the kids want to do that are fun.
Kristy Ouellette: So
Monifa McCarther: Sounds good in theory. Right?
Kristy Ouellette: Yeah, yeah, it's it's good. And we got. We got through the October birthday party, and it went
Kristy Ouellette: extremely well, which is shocking.
Kristy Ouellette: Tell me
Kristy Ouellette: like, I said, we're ordering pizza. I'm not cooking. I'm not.
Monifa McCarther: Yeah.
Kristy Ouellette: I really didn't.
Kristy Ouellette: I cleaned.
Kristy Ouellette: That was because I I thought I had more time. And then I had, you know, the the day of the game with the traffic. And all this, and
Kristy Ouellette: I don't know all these things that you forget, that are literally in in front of your face. But you don't have energy for everything. But it all worked out fine.
Kristy Ouellette: So Violet ate with everyone. She was in her room this time the whole time.
Monifa McCarther: Now, whose birthday was this.
Kristy Ouellette: It was Penelope and Rhiannon's birthday.
Monifa McCarther: Oh!
Kristy Ouellette: So.
Monifa McCarther: Okay.
Kristy Ouellette: In the past. She would maybe be
Kristy Ouellette: jealous, because what we're both celebrating both sisters, but not me.
Kristy Ouellette: Right.
Monifa McCarther: Now it's not her birthday.
Kristy Ouellette: Yeah, no, she's she's she knows now. So it's not a big deal, but ironically, one it it's it's like
Kristy Ouellette: it. It went perfectly in the way that we invited our neighbors, and that's Miller and Grant, the boys next door. The girls go over there and hike and play outside, and they always hang out with those younger boys.
Kristy Ouellette: Parents and the whole family came over for the party, which was nice, because they're just lovely people, and they the parents, surprised Violet with a gift because
Kristy Ouellette: they had gifts for the sisters and not her. So they and and so I mean. But she finally like accepted that and like understood, and it was fine, so she was totally, very, very thankful and grateful, and thanked them, and it was very sincere. It was sweet. And she
Kristy Ouellette: she so Sarah, next door is a great
Kristy Ouellette: other adults
Kristy Ouellette: like she's very calm. She's a human resources person, so she's trained in communication right?
Kristy Ouellette: And if there's issue
Kristy Ouellette: she always talks very directly to Violet, and Violet is very calm, totally
Kristy Ouellette: like
Kristy Ouellette: listens to what Sarah says, so she's a very good. They're good adults for her to be around.
Kristy Ouellette: and she trusts them because they're so careful with
Kristy Ouellette: every they're they're just nice people. So it was. It was good there. Oh, there was an issue with Miller. Miller's only
Kristy Ouellette: 6 or 7. He's in second grade, so he's going to be. It might be 7. But anyway.
Kristy Ouellette: he called Violet big or something triggering.
Kristy Ouellette: so
Kristy Ouellette: I don't know what happened. But Violet was home, and then she told me about it later, and then I said, Look, this is. I said. He said other things before. He's a little kid. He does. The parents don't know. He's saying this, I said, you're really upset. I think it's a problem.
Kristy Ouellette: So I was like, all ready to have a conversation with Sarah. And ironically Sarah, texted Violet and said, Could you please call us when you get a chance, because Miller would like to speak to you, but like I didn't say anything to Sarah. She has done that on her own accord, and then
Kristy Ouellette: we didn't call her back right away because Viola was making up excuses. And I said, Look, if you don't call her, I'm going to call her
Kristy Ouellette: because
Kristy Ouellette: I she doesn't know he's acting this way or saying these things, and she doesn't know the backstory, and she doesn't need to know everything. But she needs to know what her son's doing, because I'm sure she would not be okay with that right?
Kristy Ouellette: And it's important because they're neighbors, and they hang out all the time. So it's not like a 1 shot deal, or in school, or whatever
Kristy Ouellette: we didn't call right away. And then Sarah sent a video of Miller apologizing.
Kristy Ouellette: and Violet felt better. And then she texted Sarah, and and it was fine, and then I saw Sarah at the party, and we talked just very briefly about it, and I
Kristy Ouellette: thanked her for going about it the way she did, I said, I don't think most parents would do what you did, but I really do appreciate it, you know.
Kristy Ouellette: So that is nice that she is finding adults that she can trust.
Kristy Ouellette: and she's also
Kristy Ouellette: exploring more
Kristy Ouellette: with people her age and like
Kristy Ouellette: I think she's looking at it differently than last year.
Kristy Ouellette: But
Kristy Ouellette: she is, you know, still having those. She was really angry about the the team, saying, getting mad at her for reacting the way she did about being upset about the kids, cursing and stuff and being so mean.
Kristy Ouellette: But I think she was. She got worked up because she didn't have that much field time, but she was watching everyone else get discouraged. She's actually said that she goes. I was so upset. She's like everyone was really discouraged because the kids were being so mean like it changed the way they played.
Kristy Ouellette: you know.
Kristy Ouellette: I I don't know what the answer is for that, because it was a reaction for her, and I don't know how much control she has over her reactions because she cares about the team.
Kristy Ouellette: but
Kristy Ouellette: I think.
Monifa McCarther: I think, for her it's the issue of fairness.
Monifa McCarther: and so she's kind of like black and white. When you're wrong. You're wrong when you're right. You're right.
Kristy Ouellette: That's true.
Monifa McCarther: So I think, for her, seeing that there's no consequence.
Monifa McCarther: It's almost like she had to say something.
Kristy Ouellette: Yes, she couldn't control it.
Kristy Ouellette: You're right.
Monifa McCarther: Right.
Kristy Ouellette: I know who she gets that from, but it's not from me. I only speak up when I need to. But anyway, let me see if I could find this child, because my phone is getting low, and I know we what.
Monifa McCarther: Oh, yeah.
Kristy Ouellette: We have some time.
Kristy Ouellette: I just want her to get blue. You can wait, sir. I saw her sneaking around the yard.
Kristy Ouellette: Snows.
Kristy Ouellette: She's up a hill
Kristy Ouellette: and let me get her.
Kristy Ouellette: Sorry.
Kristy Ouellette: Violet.
Kristy Ouellette: Come on. We just have a few minutes left.
Kristy Ouellette: You're going in the wrong direction.
Kristy Ouellette: Be careful.
Kristy Ouellette: Come down.
Kristy Ouellette: Okay. Here's the phone.
Kristy Ouellette: She's gonna talk to you, and she's working on a fort. I'm not sure what that means.
Kristy Ouellette: But
Kristy Ouellette: being productive is this, gonna be your project when Field hockey officially is over?
Kristy Ouellette: Oh.
Kristy Ouellette: is it a fort, or are you making? It's gonna be a home for for an animal this winter. Probably.
Kristy Ouellette: okay, I'll be nearby.
Kristy Ouellette: careful.
Kristy Ouellette: i'm, gonna.
Monifa McCarther: Yay!
Kristy Ouellette: I'm gonna
Kristy Ouellette: bye.
Kristy Ouellette: Okay.
Monifa McCarther: Hi, Violet, it's been a while. How have you been.
Kristy Ouellette: Oh, no.
Kristy Ouellette: I'm just grabbing my my phone so I can get straight to work. Once I go back up.
Monifa McCarther: Straight to work. What do you? What are you doing? Exactly.
Kristy Ouellette: I'm building a shelter.
Monifa McCarther: Oh!
Kristy Ouellette: Out of sticks.
Monifa McCarther: Oh, wow!
Monifa McCarther: What made you decide to do this.
Kristy Ouellette: Well, I don't know.
Monifa McCarther: You just decided today to do it.
Kristy Ouellette: Well, I started it when my penny had her birthday party.
Kristy Ouellette: So at this point I'm just collecting.
Kristy Ouellette: My goal is to make it withstand the winter.
Monifa McCarther: Hmm!
Monifa McCarther: It's.
Kristy Ouellette: So now I'm just grabbing wood.
Monifa McCarther: Okay.
Monifa McCarther: Well, how have you been, can you?
Monifa McCarther: Your hair has gotten so long.
Kristy Ouellette: What?
Kristy Ouellette: No, never put it down.
Monifa McCarther: Oh.
Monifa McCarther: so catch me up! How have you been.
Kristy Ouellette: Field talking ended. Tomorrow's the last day where we're gonna see each other in time.
Monifa McCarther: How are you feeling about that.
Kristy Ouellette: I'm okay, cause some of the girls I didn't really like.
Monifa McCarther: but this.
Kristy Ouellette: One Girl.
Monifa McCarther: Is one girl you really didn't like.
Kristy Ouellette: Yeah. She was just annoying.
Monifa McCarther: Yeah, sometimes.
Kristy Ouellette: They can't be.
Kristy Ouellette: and I really don't think anyone truly liked her.
Monifa McCarther: So it's at least one. But overall you enjoyed it right.
Kristy Ouellette: For the most part. Yeah.
Monifa McCarther: Well, good.
Kristy Ouellette: I'll put you again.
Monifa McCarther: All right.
Monifa McCarther: So is that what you've already started in the background?
Monifa McCarther: Oh.
Monifa McCarther: okay, you're making some progress.
Kristy Ouellette: What right now, what I'm doing is I'm lining them up this way.
Kristy Ouellette: So this is gonna be the more tedious.
Kristy Ouellette: There we go.
Monifa McCarther: Okay.
Kristy Ouellette: I'll just put my phone here.
Kristy Ouellette: Now that
Kristy Ouellette: this has been the more tedious thing.
Kristy Ouellette: Are, they have to line them up.
Monifa McCarther: Yeah.
Kristy Ouellette: Oh!
Monifa McCarther: Wow! Are you going to put some sort of tarp over top.
Kristy Ouellette: My goal is to make the. I want to make them so tightly together that it creates its own tarp.
Monifa McCarther: Wow!
Monifa McCarther: That's impressive.
Monifa McCarther: So how long do you think this will will take?
Monifa McCarther: It's a.
Kristy Ouellette: Depends on how fast I'm working.
Kristy Ouellette: To grab something.
Kristy Ouellette: The issue is, there's this big.
Kristy Ouellette: there's like.
Kristy Ouellette: what is it? A moat? There's like a moat of an outline of a moat, because all of this there's barbed wire. This used to be a sheet pen.
Monifa McCarther: Oh.
Monifa McCarther: okay.
Kristy Ouellette: So
Kristy Ouellette: there's a big mow, and I have to rake the leaves out of it, because I'll go to step on the leaves, and then I'll fall.
Monifa McCarther: Oh.
Monifa McCarther: okay.
Kristy Ouellette: Cause. I think the moat is a lot steeper, like, less steep than it is, but it's really deep.
Kristy Ouellette: So.
Monifa McCarther: It's a lot going on, but that definitely keeps you busy and occupied. Huh!
Monifa McCarther: And you enjoy it.
Kristy Ouellette: Florida. I wanna ask my dad if he could chainsaw one of the thingies down, cause it's in the way.
Kristy Ouellette: And like, if I want to make it more compacted. I need some of the sticks out, so I'm gonna ask if he could chainsaw some of them.
Kristy Ouellette: The only issue is, I have to be careful when I'm out here, because of all the coyotes and bears.
Monifa McCarther: You have bears too.
Kristy Ouellette: There was coyotes. I was at my neighbor's and it was dark
Kristy Ouellette: and we heard something and there were a pack of coyotes, just staring at us.
Kristy Ouellette: Yeah.
Monifa McCarther: I do?
Kristy Ouellette: I ran away.
Monifa McCarther: Are you supposed to run? I thought you weren't supposed to run
Monifa McCarther: cause. Don't they chase you if you run.
Kristy Ouellette: That's bears. You're not supposed to run for bears. You're supposed to start screaming.
Monifa McCarther: Oh!
Kristy Ouellette: Chilly.
Monifa McCarther: No, no!
Monifa McCarther: So that's going to protect protect what animals will be in there
Monifa McCarther: like smaller.
Kristy Ouellette: What am I making.
Kristy Ouellette: I'm not making it for any particular reason.
Kristy Ouellette: I'm just making it cause I'm bored. But probably
Kristy Ouellette: foxes, deers, any animals that tend to create burrows.
Kristy Ouellette: Maybe frogs will be near the all the leaves and stuff that will be composed. But right now, so I don't know how many animals.
Monifa McCarther: Gotcha
Monifa McCarther: all right.
Monifa McCarther: Well, how has school been going.
Kristy Ouellette: School school. I don't like kids.
Monifa McCarther: Would you say if you compare last year to this year? What would you say.
Kristy Ouellette: It's a little bit less as bad.
Monifa McCarther: Okay, I'll take that.
Monifa McCarther: Your mom said that you were diagnosed with dyslexia.
Kristy Ouellette: Yep.
Monifa McCarther: How do you feel about that.
Kristy Ouellette: I guess it makes sense.
Monifa McCarther: sometimes when people find out that they have it, they're relieved because it makes sense
Monifa McCarther: why
Monifa McCarther: things weren't
Monifa McCarther: making sense for you or wasn't as easy as it should have been.
Kristy Ouellette: Yeah.
Monifa McCarther: Yeah.
Kristy Ouellette: What the heck! -Oh.
Monifa McCarther: I see you.
Kristy Ouellette: It's at 4%.
Monifa McCarther: Oh, Lord, okay.
Monifa McCarther: Well, in a nutshell
Monifa McCarther: things are going well with field hockey.
Monifa McCarther: Things are going pretty well with school. Any issues.
Kristy Ouellette: No, not really.
Monifa McCarther: No, you getting along with your sister.
Kristy Ouellette: But that's school.
Monifa McCarther: What is.
Kristy Ouellette: People being annoying, or people making mean, snippy comments.
Monifa McCarther: Hmm!
Monifa McCarther: If they do.
Kristy Ouellette: How school is.
Monifa McCarther: Yeah, and you're able to ignore it better than you have been.
Kristy Ouellette: I don't know.
Monifa McCarther: Is that something you want to do? Try to ignore it.
Kristy Ouellette: I not ignore it, but just not care about it?
Monifa McCarther: Okay.
Monifa McCarther: well, how are you feeling about not caring.
Kristy Ouellette: I just I don't know.
Monifa McCarther: Cause. That's easier said than done. Sometimes you do care when
Monifa McCarther: people just being mean, but sometimes just letting go of it.
Monifa McCarther: not trying to figure out why people do what they do, and just letting it go sometimes. That's good, too.
Monifa McCarther: and you won't let it bother you.
Monifa McCarther: you know.
Monifa McCarther: Hello.
Kristy Ouellette: What?
Monifa McCarther: Okay.
Monifa McCarther: did you hear what I said?
Monifa McCarther: If that phone's probably about to die.
Kristy Ouellette: It's at one.
Monifa McCarther: Oh, okay. Well, I'll say bye. Now.
Kristy Ouellette: Sorry I just
Kristy Ouellette: I don't know.
Monifa McCarther: That's okay.
Kristy Ouellette: Oh, I left my chromebook up here.
Monifa McCarther: Okay? Well, I'll see you later. It was good seeing you okay before we get cut off.